Humanity was hit with dual biological weapons.
When I say dual, I mean by the manufactured SARS-CoV-2 virus that was manufactured in collaboration with UNC Chapel Hill and Wuhan.
Stop lying!
that that has exposed basically the entire population to the spike protein.
But then we also have the second biological weapon, which was the mRNA injections, which installed about seven times more spike into people and those who received the injection.
And now we do understand that this can indeed shed onto others, particularly when you're freshly vaccinated.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
birds chirping
There's no need to feel down, I said, young man.
Pick yourself off the ground, I said, young man.
Cause you're in a new town, there's no need to be unhappy, young man.
There's a place you can go, I said, young man.
When you're short on your dough, you can stay there.
The thing with Joe, the thing with Joe, yeah, is I don't know that we have a lot to talk about because of my, you know, my idea of what he's done to comedy.
Sure.
And I don't think it's great.
I think that it's tribalized.
And I think that, you know, he's created a sort of army of people that think they know comedy, but they only know a specific thing.
And what they think is good is not necessarily good.
It may be what they're like.
So it seems that Marc Maron has reignited his decades-long beef with Joe Rogan and his group of comedic assassins, as he just called them out on two separate podcasts in the span of a week.
And Mark Maron's not just going after these guys because he doesn't like them.
As he puts it, he has reasonable criticism for them.
And so what we're supposed to believe is that this man is not on a script.
He has not been queued up.
We're supposed to believe that this guy is just acting spontaneously just like these guys believe.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is acting spontaneously, that Joe Rogan is acting spontaneously and booking guests spontaneously based on the last video that he saw.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a national security theater and none of these people are doing anything but what they are scripted to do and say.
That's why he has an HBO special where he gets to say it.
It's reasonable criticism.
Reasonable criticism.
Like in his most recent special, Panicked, Mark actually spends a good portion of time calling out the anti-woke comedy scene that Rogans forged in Austin, criticizing them for normalizing slurs, punching down at marginalized groups, and overall platforming dangerous ideas.
Pterodactyl arms?
You supposed to put that nigga on the grill.
He ain't even supposed to live.
And if you haven't seen it already, I highly recommend you go watch that entire special.
But to give you an idea of what he talks about in that special, here's him poking fun at the idea of Theo von having Adolf Hitler on his podcast, and what exactly that would sound like.
I think if Hitler were alive today, he'd probably appear on Theo von's podcast.
And Theo would be like, see, y'all did a lot of meth, right?
I mean, all the Nazis were all fucked up on meth, right, Hitler?
That shit will make you crazy, dog.
I hope you can see how people on the fake populist right, conservative right, have been lured into a trap over the last six years.
And now the trap is closing very rapidly around them.
around us, around America, and it's going to sever our population in a way that maybe cannot be healed if we are not made aware of what's happening right now.
This guy is a scripted actor.
He was behaving, he was questioning the narrative on a remote website called the Burning Platform in 2020 and was actually in contact with yours truly.
under the pseudonym of the the hard scrabble farmer and so I gotta tell you this is some serious business when this guy is now being elevated across the podcast universe at least eight
At least eight of the podcasts that are on my radar have promoted this guy's HBO special and specifically promoted this idea that Joe Rogan and him are on opposite sides of some kind of adult spectrum of behavior, which is absurd.
These people are actors and the only difference is they're not on TV, they're on your phone.
So now he's on a podcast press tour for that new special, and he's sent shots left and right at the entire Rogansphere.
Like, in this recent Bad Friends episode, he goes at Rogan in a pretty hilarious and major way, roasting him for leading an army of enlightened meatheads and predicting that they'll run out of material pretty quickly, since the majority of jokes that they tell are pretty surface-level jabs at marginalized groups that they've completely beaten into the ground.
Like, if you know anything about this Rogan era of comedy, you'd know that they do this quite frequently.
Like, to this day, they're probably still making COVID-19 jokes.
And Mark Maron considers this shtick to be hack.
But yeah, who me and who else?
Rogan.
Okay.
Who's that?
Joe Rogan.
Joey.
Joseph Rogan?
Yeah, he's out of Texas.
Oh, Texas.
Got it.
I got it.
You love awesome, don't you?
He's running half the planet out of Texas.
Yeah.
He's got a tight hold on the enlightened meathead.
Dude, Marin's disdain.
It's not disdain, it's reasonable criticism.
Reasonable criticism.
When was the last time you spoke with him?
I don't know.
That's a good question.
I guess it would have been at the store.
I never talked to him in Austin.
So I'm making the argument that we have been set up exactly for this kind of cultural introspective face plant where America is going to be permanently divided.
The people that are still following Trump right now, still rooting for
Bobby Kennedy and Pauly Tommy and Mary Holland and Jimmy Dore and Dr. Drew.
These people are going to be ostracized, essentially, from all of America.
All of America is already there.
And so if your family and friends are trapped in that universe,
This is one of the only streams on earth, maybe the only stream on earth that you can show them that might help them get out.
And the only reason why I'm doing this is because I was there.
I fell for it all, or at least I entertained the possibility of it all.
And in so doing, I got roped in.
I think they thought I would go for it, that I would play the role that these guys are playing on a lower level, of course.
This is all very real.
If you listen to this, this is a scripted, coordinated theater.
It's designed to trap us, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't go into the club.
I don't really think I'm on his radar.
Something tells me you are.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, something tells me you are.
It's weird that you get lumped into a certain thing, and maybe it's my assumption that his army of healthy fellas
Is that their title?
Army of Healthy Fellas is so good.
No, you just got to, you know, you got to stay and keep the machine.
The machine's got to be good.
Yeah.
That's a shot at Burt.
Go ahead.
What do you think the Austin shelf life is going to be?
I don't advocate that you do watch for these people, but understand that the man that's on the screen right now is partially responsible for RFK's rise in popularity amongst people on the generally central left.
His podcast during 2024 helped promote RFK and his wife to a part of the left that otherwise would not have seen him as possibly an okay guy.
And that podcast is extraordinarily revealing.
Of course, it's evolved now and he's instead doing a podcast with this other dude and they've got graphics and stuff.
but it is governance by a national security theater and they have come to understand podcasts as the way to do it.
And so this is a continuation of the script, albeit changed from where they wanted to be because of course there's been lots of trouble created by the
breadth and depth of the biological information that became available during the pandemic, and they were not able to control the narrative as well as they wanted to, despite having seeded this national security theater narrative about a virus and about a lab leak cover-up.
Now that we are here in 2025, the reason why the script is where it is, is partially because of that.
The ludicrous nature of the lab leak as an explanation has been pretty thoroughly exposed.
Only those people who are still skillfully using social media do not understand this.
But that might be your family and friends, and if so, please, please use this stream
um to help them get out use it as a rope ladder throw it down into the cave and see if we can save a few more people this week and then we're done well i don't know like i i think that it's so effectively tribalized at this point it really comes down to material i mean at what point like at what point
it's like whatever they represented in terms of policy and it's not a stretch it's like they won trans people are frightened they have no ability to get health care anymore and they're afraid of being alive and have no freedom left so that's done when do you stop with the jokes
When immigrants, OK, well, they're being ripped away from their homes and yeah, and they're, you know, and they're all terrified and and OK, so that's done.
When do you stop with the joke?
Right.
I mean, it's one thing to to pick on the vulnerable and the marginalized, but I mean, they're down.
Joe Rogan was one that Marx had a problem with since the early 90s, which is that comedy is supposed to be for the quote-unquote sensitive weirdos, not necessarily for the high school locker room bullies that Joe Rogan's ushered in.
And even though I don't fully agree with this stance, since to me, if you're funny, you're funny.
It is a stance that I've seen other- Now it's interesting, right?
That their paths have been crossing on television and before social media.
That's the most extraordinary thing here.
These people have been in place and on stage for a long time.
The trick is to see that the stage, the stage is now social media.
Welcome to the show.
Thanks for being here.
I'll see you in a minute.
During reconstruction time, there were folks who had been promised 40 acres and a mule.
And they were told that a man with their legal papers could be expected on a train from Washington.
There were folks who waited for him, and there are folks who are still waiting for him.
But you can't depend on the train from Washington.
It's 100 years overdue.
You can't depend on the stars and planets, yeah They'll always tell you the truth You can't depend on the 15th of April, yeah Somehow it always gets through You can't depend on the daily papers, cause They'll sure not bring you the blues
But don't depend on the train from Washington It's 100 years overdue I see people, dragging all they own See them standing, anxious near the tracks I see people, a long, long way from home Wondering how they'll ever get back
You can't depend on the politicians, yeah Always got a point of view They are contemporary court magicians, yeah Slight of mouth will dazzle you You can't depend on a weak position From them changes that you got to go through But don't depend on the train from Washington It's 100 years
I see people on their way to work.
I see factories bursting at the seams.
I see people listening for the whistle on the train that will carry their dreams.
I see people on their way to work.
I see factories bursting at the seams.
I see people listening for the whistle on the train that would carry their dreams.
You can't depend on the force and gravity.
you can't depend on the first two numbers but damn if the last one comes through but don't depend on the train from washington it's 100 years overdue you can't depend
You can't depend on a train from Washington.
Don't you take no for an answer.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
an agent, agentic AI, the thing that is the new buzzword that everything that used to be an assistant now is.
I think there's a real danger that we're facing, and Signal is clocking this pretty closely, of the introduction of this sort of notion of agentic AI into our devices and lives, in part because what we're doing is
giving so much control to these systems that are going to need access to data.
So if you read the marketing on this, the value add is something like, can look up a concert, book a ticket, schedule it in your calendar, and message all your friends that it's booked.
And so we can just put our brain in a jar, because the thing is doing that, and we don't have to touch it.
So what would it need to do that?
Well, it would need access to our browser,
an ability to drive that.
It would need our credit card information to pay for the tickets.
It would need access to our calendar, everything we're doing, everyone we're meeting.
It would need access to Signal to open and send that message to our friends.
And it would need to be able to drive that across our entire system with something that looks like route permission.
Accessing every single one of those databases probably in the clear, because there's no model to do that encrypted.
And if we're talking about a sufficiently powerful model, AI model that's powering that, there's no way that's happening on device, even though on device isn't a prophylactic, isn't going to really solve a lot of those issues.
That's almost certainly being sent to a cloud server where it's being processed and sent back.
So there's a profound issue with security and privacy that is haunting this sort of hype around agents.
and that is ultimately threatening to break the blood-brain barrier between the application layer and the OS layer by conjoining all of these separate services, muddying their data, and doing things like undermining the privacy of your signal messages because, hey, the agent's got to get in, the agent's got to text your friends, the agent's got to pull the data out of your text and got to summarize that so that, again, your brain can sit in a jar and you're not doing any of that yourself, you're doing something else.
So I think we need to be really careful when I think about the immediate concerns, not simply the history of AI and the fact that it's predicated on this larger surveillance model.
There's a real issue right now of the undermining that AI systems are poised to do in these privacy and security guarantees in the name of this sort of magic genie bot that's going to take care of the exigencies of life.
It's remarkable because what they're talking about essentially is
a glorified, I don't know, cyber secretary, something like that that can book.
I don't even get it other than this is a scripted actor and she is improvising through a script that she's worked on long enough.
I'm not saying she's not smart.
All of these people have to be smart enough to improvise within the script they're given and have past auditions that have gone on for years that they can stay on this script and improvise within it.
can take direction afterward, will go where they're told and perform on stage when they're told.
I mean, this is supposed to be the woman who invented, brought to the market the Signal app that up until very recently has been a big part of my shit life.
But I don't know, a week or so ago, all the last Signal app person connection disappeared from my life.
told me to F off.
And now I'm living in a very different kind of world where I don't have signal at all anymore.
Like it's not doing anything.
The only reason why I have it is because I don't want to delete all those chats that all these people and all this evidence of a network of monkeys that was throwing thoughts around all over the place and misrepresenting the presence of all of these people and on all of our phones.
And so many of us were fooled into believing that we were in a special telegram group or a special signal chat where people were listening to us.
And in retrospect, I'm not sure I ever knew that any of these people were listening to me.
And more importantly, I think what was more likely happening was it was made sure that these people did not know that there was somebody criticizing them, coming behind them and saying that they're wrong or trying to get their attention to correct their course.
But instead they were
in a military fashion protected from criticisms in their own mind, in their own experience, so that they would never have even the challenge of performing in front of an audience that they perceived as aggressive or negative.
And that's my best explanation in my own mind for why at the Brownstone Institute event that happened in Pittsburgh,
Bret Weinstein and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone, all five or six of these people that were there knew who I was.
None of them made eye contact with me.
Bret Weinstein touched my name tag and then walked away.
And so he's even only vaguely aware of who I am.
And I suspect all the time that I spent in that Signal chat thinking I was
I don't know, trying to get through to Brett Weinstein about something big and biological and immunological.
That whole signal chat was being mined and controlled by other people.
And maybe Brett just had a lot of those.
And so he didn't read mine any more than he read the 500 others that were on a phone representing itself as Brett Weinstein.
You know, and when he needed to be on a call that involved that phone, they would just hand it to him.
I want you to think about how with very little money, with very little expense, these people could have three phones.
manned by three staff members who make their presence felt on multiple signal chats, multiple telegram groups, in DMs, on Instagram, and even maybe occasionally on a Zoom meeting by just having a placeholder there, handing them the phone to say something.
This is how the social media would be weaponized if they were doing it without morals, without restriction, to see what is the maximum amount of governance by narrative, governance by podcast, governance by podcast actors is possible.
Because if complete dominance of a civilian population is possible with podcast acting,
That seems like pretty much the safest way to govern a country.
Safest way to hide totalitarianism in a technocratic society where the elite are governing us.
Of course, we are always calling them elites, right?
They're elites.
They're the people with the guns and the money.
They're not elites.
Most of the time, they're actually pretty dumb.
And that's the sort of precarious situation we're in.
We as a society, as a group of societies, as an earth, as a human species, are not governable by a few elites.
We are not governable by a few elites in their banks.
We are only governable by huge illusions of consensus across
multiple sort of spheres of our society and those illusions of consensus have been crafted and molded and gardened and put in place and kept in place and trimmed and sculpted to be where they are right now.
And a lot of the people that participate in that are just going along with the job that they have to do.
And so in order for us to break out, we're going to have to have a multi-generational view of what we're trying to achieve here.
And we are trying to achieve the raising of children that understand that social media as it stands right now is only a weapon, is only a lie, is only a tool to work and use against us.
And it can be as malevolent as convincing our kids that they're gay or trans and don't need to have kids because that's selfish or it's against the, it's gonna create more climate change or something like that.
All the way to the most malevolent.
where families could be ripped apart by a targeted social media campaign.
A kid, for example, could be convinced to show up on a rooftop that maybe somebody is going to meet him there.
And then he will get shot by a national security state that needed that actor dead.
and a national security state that needed America's to have this sort of schizophrenic idea of what we have as a governance right now, as an administration right now, where the rest of the world is just bewildered.
And social media is keeping your family and friends insulated from this fact.
And they actually believe that the truth is getting out about something to do with health freedom.
And if you want to save them, you have to show them how they got trapped by signal, by telegram.
You have to also give them credit for having worked hard enough to get in the trap.
Because part of the reason why you might not be in the trap, why you might not have fallen for Donald Trump, or you might not have fallen for the people around Donald Trump as being patriots is because you might not have been working as hard as other people were to find the truth.
One of the reasons why I lost my job at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine is because I was working hard to find the truth at the beginning and have worked hard continuously for six years.
People who, for pressures of their job or their commitment to their country or whatever they imagined they were doing, might not have worked that hard to try and understand what was going on and may have accepted the 60 Minutes version of it and just buckled down and not argued about it and accepted it, even if there were contradictions occasionally that were comically wrong.
We're just doing our best, you know?
It's kind of sloppy when there are seven billion people on Earth.
This kind of thing is only possible because we have acquiesced to social media.
Otherwise, this would have never happened to us.
Never, ever, ever would it have happened to us.
That's the frustrating part.
It's a bridge.
Just goes around a corner.
It don't it don't go down no don't
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
It's good afternoon here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It is 1245.
It has been difficult to get shows out.
I have been at the bottom, so to speak.
I feel very much like some of the last sort of
sort of hooks that were in my psyche have been removed.
It has been a very, very tough road having so many people betray me and betray my family.
And it's not just betray, it's really actively lie.
Having people come to your house and pretend is really, it's really something.
And so without the,
the support of my family, I don't even know if I would even be streaming anymore, to be honest.
Ladies and gentlemen, autism spectrum disorder is a myth used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
And in fact, they've done the same thing with pandemics and gain of function.
They've created these myths, they've created them over several decades, and now these myths, in a weaponized fashion, are being used against us on social media.
Um, there is no doubt in my mind that social media is how I got fooled.
Participating in a Scooby-Doo mystery on social media.
Everybody telling me that I was on the right track.
Um, they were all lying.
And the only reason why I'm only as far as I've gotten now is because they were all lying together.
And every time I thought I was exposing someone, um...
two or three more would step in and and that's the remarkable thing it's just one giant cast and i don't have anything else to say other than that the last person um the last person that that kind of exposed themselves um
lost their mind in the chat a few days ago, and it's tough.
I don't know what to say.
Don't let the bastards get you down.
I don't want that to happen, but I've had years and years of this now, and it doesn't feel good.
Social media is awful, and I think that's the only reason why I'm starting to recover, because I'm finally able to stay focused, stay focused on the biology,
I really think that social media has been something that has not been friendly and helpful for me and has been used against me pretty awfully.
And so I don't think there's any safe way
to i don't think there's any safe way to stay focused on the biology while trying to engage people on social media and that's what it is i was engaging people on social media and if you are if you are somebody that they want to actively use this fifth generation warfare against you i assure you
that there are stops that you can't even imagine that they can pull.
And there are knobs that they can turn and buttons they can press to make it very, very hard for you or your family to be able to get past it.
And fifth generation warfare is a lot more complicated than Robert Malone explained on the stage in Stockholm, Sweden in January of 2023.
It is an all-encompassing, organized effort to
to tear America apart.
That's what I really think.
And I'm optimistic only because I can see it.
I can see the health freedom movement trapped for what it was.
I fell for it.
I believed in these people.
And now they're going to quietly step off stage.
They're going to let Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
take the brunt of it.
Nobody's getting mad at Brian Hooker.
Nobody's getting mad at Andrew Wakefield or Pauly Tommy or any of these people with their big ranches and estates in multiple countries.
Nobody's getting mad at them.
Everybody's getting mad at Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and maybe a little bit for the Jay Bhattacharya or something like that.
But there's not really anything substantial happening because you have fallen for a national security theater.
National Security Theater.
It is remarkable.
I gotta tell ya, one of the things that has happened over the last four or five days, I actually didn't do it today, I don't know when I'm gonna do it, maybe it'll be at the end of the month, maybe it'll be next week.
I'm pulling the plug.
So putting my money where my mouth is, I am, ooh, I spelled that Wuhan there.
It's supposed to be Wuhan, Wuhan, Wuhan.
The PeerTube app, ladies and gentlemen, and PeerTube as the site, I think is the way to go.
And I want you to start using the app.
Because it plays the best, it's on your phone, it's very easy.
When I put out a new video, it's just gonna be there.
So anytime you're interested in wasting a little time on Gigaohm, you can just open the Peertube app and there it will be.
And if it's the last video you saw, you can skip it.
And come back later, but I don't collect that doesn't collect any data.
It doesn't need any data And so you're just not on social media if you watch me on peer tube And I think that I need to stop making content for YouTube and for rumble and for twitch I just need to stop making that content.
I don't I don't I'm not doing myself any favors.
In fact, what I'm doing is anybody
Anybody that watches my stuff on those platforms is added to their list and all, maybe all of their data is harvested.
And I don't know what Twitch does with the app.
I don't know what YouTube does with their app.
And I don't know what Rumble does with their app.
And so anybody that watches me on any of those platforms is essentially, I guess, feeding their information into the network that I don't think we should be a part of anymore.
And so as difficult as it is, as scary as it is to say, I'm just gonna stop streaming on all those platforms where all of my subscribers have been found, I think I gotta say it.
I think we need to transition off of social media.
I don't need to make a rumble anymore.
There's no reason for me, I haven't gotten not one new subscription on this channel because of rumble.
And it's not because I don't put thumbnails.
It's not because I don't,
I don't change the titles.
It's because Rumble is an absolutely abomination of a platform.
And you can say the same thing about YouTube.
I'm not going to get any more subscribers because I'm live streaming on YouTube because YouTube can just not show people it.
And so the only way this works is brute force.
You just share this with your family and friends.
You just, you hope that this is how you do it.
And I got to tell you, I'm just going to say it right out loud.
I haven't been on in a few days and there's been some concern and I really appreciate the emails and the concern.
And I would flip those emails around and ask you during the days that I've had off,
how many people have downloaded a video or downloaded an audio stream or made a clip using ctrl alt g on your windows machine or window a window g with your with your windows machine and made a clip and and shared it on social media how many people in the last four days have sent an email to a family member saying hey you know i know you're a trump fan maybe you should watch this guy because america might be in big trouble
When's the last time you decided to teach somebody about how intramuscular injection might just be a dumb idea from the 1800s.
And so the whole like the concept of immunization becomes a much more complicated if there might be limited.
kinds of effects and returns from different kinds of immunizations and that intramuscular injection is at the heart of most of the ridiculous toxicities because intramuscular injection has kind of been accepted as the same as subcutaneous, the same as oral.
It's fine.
It's totally fine.
And that concept is so much different.
than anything that's being represented by anyone on the no virus side, anyone on the no pathogen side, anyone on the skeptical side of pathogenic illnesses.
is unable to get far enough to say something as simple as that.
That intramuscular injection is actually just a dumb idea that we accepted as completely okay and logically sound back when we had no idea how our immune system was organized, how it might work, and what relationship it might have to the microbiome.
I mean, this is the kind of show that you would have gotten the other day, except I would have been so much angrier, you can't even imagine.
At some moment in time, it really feels like over and over again, during the entire six years of the pandemic, six years of the pandemic, seven, if you include the 2019, the six years of the pandemic have felt like I have repeatedly been
assaulted, insulted, attacked, backstabbed, and generally speaking, goaded to attack over and over and over again.
I think that maybe one of the things that was supposed to be possible at the Brownstone Institute sort of meeting in Pittsburgh was that I would punch somebody out or I would start screaming at somebody or even worse,
Ladies and gentlemen, social media has been militarized and actors on social media with specific scripts were deployed in 2020 to control a narrative about a novel virus and its evolution in time and space, as well as the evolution of diagnostic tools to follow it, and as well as the evolution of pharmaceutical treatments for it.
So they didn't need to release anything unless they wanted to find it and tell you they found it.
And then they could have released it anywhere they wanted to with extremely high rate of confidence that they themselves, whoever they are, would never be in danger because you can put a lot of DNA somewhere and find it.
It's one of the little things that the Human Genome Project has actually provided to everyone on Earth.
The ability to make a lot of DNA, the ability to find DNA, the ability to sequence DNA if you have enough of it.
That's about it.
And so that biological tool set was manipulated, misrepresented, and the fidelity of which exaggerated to the point where we now believe that there are RNA viruses that can circle the globe in a matter of months.
because of a particular molecular motif.
And that belief is only there because there was a military script distributed, actors in place for decades, ready to be queued up for this theater.
Now, if you really want to understand what's going on, then you have to understand that the theater was quite complex.
It was akin to a Lollapalooza of liars, where there were multiple stages, and some of those stages might have even been contradictory in some ways, in the sense of, you know, there might have been bluegrass over on one, and heavy death metal on the other, and the idea that, wow, that's interesting,
It's hard for me to imagine a festival where there would be such an eclectic group of people that they would want to walk from a death metal concert to a bluegrass concert, but okay, I'll entertain the option.
And that's exactly what they did on the internet.
They provided every genre of variation on this story.
And then those genres were carefully crafted
to fit together in such a way that the sort of illusion would be that there's a mystery to solve about a definitely novel virus, but the question is only where did it come from?
And so it is six years.
We are almost into year seven since this group of people was unleashed on us.
This macabre theater of performing clowns that ranges from Russell Brand and Jessica Rose all the way up to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Jay Bhattacharya.
Ro Khanna.
Thomas Massey.
It's all one malevolent show.
My only question is, are these Indian people that are in front of us now, like Jay Bhattacharya and Ro Khanna and, and that ambassador to India that was with Piper Stover at the beginning of the pandemic, whatever his name was, are all of these people, Indian agents or are they Chinese agents?
Because they're all anti, they all say China's really big.
I don't know.
My guess is, is that in the end, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta believe that India is not really in trouble from a population perspective because of their pyramid.
I kind of have to believe that China might be in a little more trouble because of their pyramid and their one child policy for so long has created a problem for their society.
and a very similar thing existed in Scotland and in the UK and in America and effectively the agreement across nations in 2020 about this pending doom gave any and all administrative groups
the freedom or let's say the opportunity to manage those population pyramid problems any way they wanted to under the pretense of responding to a novel virus that was, I guess, found first in Wuhan.
Now, interestingly enough, a guy that Housatonic Live mentioned a couple of days ago by the name of Michael Osterholm,
who was on Joe Rogan when I was still doing JC on a Bike and I did two JC on a Bikes about his appearance on Joe Rogan.
Michael Osterholm was just on a, I don't think I have the video loaded for this show, was just on a television program not one day ago saying that
that the avian flu, the bird flu, or something like this is coming.
And there's no buts about it.
And that they've actually recently isolated variants in bats again in China.
So they're telling exactly the same story again.
My guess is that the only way that this works is with PCR testing again.
Because unless you get sick and get tested, there's no way to fuel this narrative.
And so
I don't know what to tell you other than the script seems to be doubling down and even on the health freedom movement and the trap that it represented.
If you want to do some background reading, the way to go is the SPARS pandemic document, S-P-A-R-S.
If you go into that document and read about Epigirl, essentially Epigirl is a compound character now, right, with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and
and all those people they're all basically blowing the whistle on VAERS in the same way and of course you can see the script has now brought VAERS into focus again because the CDC apparently was never paying attention to VAERS or something like that and so this nonsensical script is gonna keep going until this fake populist movement gets face-planted and embarrassed and it will probably involve the
either death of Donald Trump, the corruption of Donald Trump's reputation by admitting or releasing evidence that discredits him, maybe he'll resign.
Who knows what kinds of shenanigans that they will pull I'm sure he won't kill himself So, you know, there are just lots of crazy things that that unfortunately are Probably gonna have to happen in order to keep the masses on social media focused on the script because otherwise the disengagement from social media is inevitable because again, it's not real and
And so unless the dust isn't allowed to settle, people are gonna figure this out very, very, very soon, I think.
And I think we're really one of the only people on the internet that's helping with this right now, but I think the truth is starting to escape.
I have really the feeling that something really wonderful is gonna happen, especially once I get off of social media.
So, of course, on the red side, we have this idea that there are elite pedophiles.
This is for the grandchildren of Earth.
We're definitely fighting for something.
But that's why we have to support Trump and we have to support Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
We have to believe
that the Q movement is going to come, and that all of these people are going to get arrested, and that Trump is not an elite pedophile.
He just hung out with those people before the real pedophilia started, and he certainly didn't eat any babies.
COVID is definitely real.
It was weird.
Everybody's sure they've had it.
It was strange.
Mary Holland had it for like two days, but it didn't even bother her because she took ivermectin.
Vaccines can work.
It's not about the fact that vaccines don't work or do work.
It's about the fact that sometimes people get hurt by vaccines.
If people would just listen, it would all be clear.
And of course, on the other side, it's not a lab leak, gain-of-function virus, it's Mother Nature.
But humans are actually a plague on the Earth.
I mean, my brother believes that he's doing the right thing by not having kids with his wife.
Because this is about the grandchildren of Earth, and he's not under any obligation to make any grandchildren.
So the culmination of everything wrong with the world is essentially happening right now.
Donald Trump and Geert Wilders in the Netherlands and all this stuff in Italy and in Germany.
It's like, it's terrible.
because I guess the elite pedophiles, I don't know, Trump is an elite pedophile.
There are some, I guess, I don't know.
COVID was real, vaccines definitely work, but somehow or another, all big power structures in the world, even in, I guess, the corporate boardroom, are kind of controlled by a combination of blackmail, sex, and drugs, but whatever.
Humans are a plague on earth, so if we could just fix that, everything would be fine, and I want you to see it very differently.
I want you to see this as an opportunity to take a huge burden off the shoulders of your children.
Because right now, our children very much believe that the adults have lost it.
That the adults really don't get it anymore.
That their teachers at school don't get it.
that their parents don't get it because the adults that they see and the models of behavior that they are seeing are overwhelmingly dominated by ridiculous models on social media, ridiculous examples on social media, short videos on social media.
And that's why there's a fake health freedom movement in America.
because there is vaccine harm.
There is immunological and neurological damage after intramuscular injection, especially when there are multiple injections on the same, of course.
But that reality is going to be used against us.
It has already been used against us and weaponized against us because some people in America believe that autism is a real thing caused by these vaccines.
without the specificity of knowledge or depth of understanding to be able to say that intramuscular injection has a hundredfold more likely
contributor to this, and that autism itself is too aspecific of a term at this point to describe the thing that you've been fighting for.
But unfortunately, these people, these actors have been put in place to absorb any parent with the energy to fight, absorb any movement with any grassroots momentum at all, and kill anybody else like Brandy Vaughn and Tony Barker.
And that's why Israel vs Gaza is so ridiculous.
That's why Elon and Jeff and Peter and Alex and Mark and Bobby and Donnie are all so very ridiculous.
There's no video of Elon Musk sounding smart.
You know, there's really no video of Jeff Bezos sounding smart either, not even when he was in the car in an interview on 60 Minutes.
There's no video of Peter Thiel sounding smart.
There is, he apparently plays chess well, but Elon Musk says chess is a really dumb and easy game.
I don't know, Mark Zuckerberg, is there a video of him sounding smart?
I don't think so.
I think his character in the movie sounded smarter than he's ever sounded.
Bobby Kennedy?
One side of America thinks Bobby Kennedy is a recovering multiple drug addict womanizing brain worm victim.
The other side of the country thinks that Bobby's been praying for something that Donald Trump is the answer to.
I want to help America and the rest of the world get out of this.
I want the Western world in general that's still watching and connected to the internet to be able to pull their children out of this by breaking Bad Biology 101, evolution because DNA must be unlearned.
We are the victims of a very long con.
And in the 50s and 60s, there were men, mostly men, that thought that it was an inevitability that we would soon have the keys to the church, that we were about to figure out everything.
And that was a gross underestimation of the problem, gross underestimation of the complexity, a gross overstatement of the possible.
in order to justify a sort of shadow totalitarian movement where, you know, a technocracy where at some point in time the people that are the smartest should take control of the evolution of our species or we might miss a turn on the way to immortality.
We might miss a turn on the way to all powerful design capabilities.
We might miss a miss a turn if we're not careful at this point
with the number of humans on Earth, we really need to manage ourselves correctly.
It only takes one generation for this to end.
Just one generation of people like my brother, and suddenly there's only 10,000 kids on Earth.
They have made movies about that possibility.
So bad biology needs to be unlearned and I've been trying to make some safety ladders for people that are the most useful to get people to start climbing.
I think the most useful one to date is that intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the 1800s and we have anthropological evidence of it.
We have books in multiple languages
expounding on the great new invention of the hypodermic needle and what it allows physicians to do with substances.
Extremely accurate placement of substances titrated to extremely accurate concentrations.
and it allows the administration and the exposure to substances in ways that will not cause scarring, will not even hurt.
And these advances happening in the late 1800s were all on the background of almost no knowledge at all with regard to our own biology.
No knowledge with regard to what systems we were augmenting, what pathogens we were fighting,
and what the molecular mechanisms of that pathogenicity might be.
At the time, we were improving on the inoculation of people through the scarification of their skin and the rubbing in of pus.
We were trying to improve on that.
Is that not set to play constant here?
And so that's really the trick for me is that we have, come on baby.
We have really acquiesced to this in a way that it's hard to really express.
because we now are six years in and we still have such an adherence to the script that still no one on any side is able to say that this RNA is not new intellectual property, it's not new technology, it's not untested technology.
It is transfection in a form that is very similar to a form called lipofectamine, which is a product
that has been used to transfect things on the bench for at least a decade, if not two.
And so the whole show from beginning to end has been about recycling and resetting the intellectual property clock on this transfection technology and people like Robert Malone and Jessica Rose and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Brett Weinstein, all of whom, and Steve Bannon, an intellectual property expert that used to work for none other than Goldman Sachs, and Aaron Seery, a lawyer who used to work for Goldman Sachs.
They're all part of the same group of people that wants to bring down the FDA.
that wants to reset the clock on this intellectual property and open up the supplement industry and take it out from underneath FDA regulation.
And so transfection is a crime because they lie about it.
They're lying about it now.
And if they keep calling it an mRNA gene therapy or an mRNA vaccine, they're lying.
And they have been lying since the beginning.
And I lost my job at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine for yelling at people about this, for telling them that we're not gonna transfect old people.
That would be ridiculous.
And most of the time, faculty members at the University of Pittsburgh responded with, they're obviously not the same as the transfection that we use on our bench.
It's obviously not the same as the stuff that we use in our animals.
So RNA cannot pandemic.
And I think this is another thing where, you know, a wide variety of people that think they know what they're talking about.
I don't know, like,
maybe debunk the funk brian dan wilson maybe somebody like i don't know vincent rack and yellow just put this in the chat can you briefly explain how rna can pandemic
Can you explain why DNA wouldn't be a lot better at pandemicing than RNA wouldn't be?
Can you explain how it is that RNA maintains its fidelity even at a 30,000 base pair length?
of a coronavirus genome through proofreading.
Is there any molecular proof of proofreading besides the two papers from Mark Dennison and Ralph Baric that also report that remdesivir interferes with that proofreading?
What part of RNA cannot pandemic can you refute?
Autism is a meaningless word by design.
just like AIDS was a meaningless set of symptomologies and diseases that included even things like uterine cancer, because people were apparently testing positive with uterine cancer.
Therefore, AIDS can cause uterine cancer.
I'll give you another one, get my head out of the way.
A man who thinks he is a woman is not normal.
The cosmetic transformation, regardless of specific details, results in a transitioned or trans man.
Ta-da!
No more problem with, well, how do you define women?
Because people can't do that.
It's just a semantic game that these people are playing when they don't call it what it was.
That they don't call it what it was because it's old stuff renamed.
It's just a semantic game when they use the word vaccine over and over and over again.
It's just a semantic game when they say that placebo controlled trials are important or they're unethical.
It's just a semantic game when they say that we had a pandemic and that pandemics happen.
That one is just brute force.
Hitting you in the head with something that's not true so often that you guess you believe it's true.
Hitting you in the head with something so often you believe it's real.
I'm not saying there are no kids with autism.
I'm not saying that there are no people that are injured by vaccines.
I'm saying that their lack of specificity and their inability to hone their messaging, hone their understanding to come to an ever finer scientific understanding of what it is they're fighting for is exactly the reason why you should see that
CHD and ICANN and Merrill Nass and Robert Malone and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Jay Bhattacharya.
None of these people can show you a trajectory of learning, a trajectory of understanding, a trajectory of sharpening their message.
In fact, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's anti-vax message is very similar now as it was in 2015 when Mary Holland first went on Democracy Now!
opposite Paul Offit.
And that same schtick
That same set of actors has been present in front of us for the next 10 years straight.
And they've never made the progress that anyone should have made.
25 years, says Sherry Tenpenny, and 17 hours a day.
She hasn't made any progress with all that work.
And after all this time, all these conservative people are unable to see through the simple semantic trick that instead of calling a biological male who transitions to being a female, a trans woman, you call him a trans man.
And it's all done.
And there's no semantics, there's no game to be played, there's no argument to be had, but just the illusion of consensus
that a man that believes he's a woman can be a trans woman.
That illusion of consensus about that language is powerful enough to confuse a planet full of social media users.
Understand that, that the illusion of consensus around what a trans man and a trans woman are,
And the illusion of consensus is, is that a man transitioning to cosmetically appear as a woman is now a trans woman.
That's an agreement that all of these people somehow or another seem to be under and can't seem to see that, no, it's really just a mistake.
We should just call those people trans men.
And then it's fine.
They want to dress like that.
They want to get all those operations.
They're just trans men.
It's cool.
And then we can have all the equal rights they want to.
And we can still protect our daughters and call our daughters what they are.
And we can still cherish our, our wives, our spouses.
We can still love the female form and all of its beauty and never be challenged by this nonsense if we just simply don't accept their language as they give it to us.
Stop arguing about vaccines because it's intramuscular injection that's dumb.
And you will find that most nurses take the easy way out and give an intramuscular injection for everything that they shoot.
Even if it says you should do it subcutaneously, they'll do it intramuscular anyway, because the indications on the paper say that it's so, and the assumption across the professional field is definitely that it's so.
This is a mistake that we are gonna make for generations to come if we don't wake up our kids now.
If we don't pull them off of social media now, they will be enslaved and they will be inverted into experimental animals.
That's for sure.
And so, social media is best described as a situation where you think that with the right tweet or the right Facebook posts, you can change what happens on the Star Trek Enterprise.
You are being led to believe that if I just turn around and say, hey, captain, I've got everything under control.
No problem, thanks.
You can go back down to engineering and check on the warp drive.
And so with coordinated scripts, it can look very similar to as if that guy is responding to me.
And that's what they're doing on social media.
That's what they did to us during the pandemic.
got us running in all different directions.
And on social media, we thought we could change the story, but we couldn't.
The story was already set in stone by the population pyramid.
And this line isn't level.
They just swept a few people together, killed a few old folks, and they killed a few people with protocols, and here you have it.
Because three million people die in America every year.
And so they needed to lie about how some of those people died.
Maybe even this peak,
which is missing right here in 2019 is them sparing no expense in 2019 to keep a few more extra people alive so that when this spike hit, it would hit and be able to be shown on the television screen as something more dramatic than it was.
And of course, the murder and lies in America that was misconstrued as a mismanaged response to the pandemic because Donald Trump is a clown was portrayed around the world as evidence for why their lockdowns worked or why their lockdowns should be enforced.
And so there's an irreducibly complex background of genetic signals associated with the bacteria and archaea
in the background and quite simply using PCR to find something on that background with a single set of primers and a probe is ridiculous.
Instead, what you need to realize is that already back when I was in high school in the 90s, you could see this bump in the population pyramid that was going to be responsible for the absolute increase in the number of people at the top of the pyramid.
And the number of people at the top of the pyramid are the people who are dying, mostly.
And so as this bump goes to the top, you can see that these lines at the top are all getting wider.
These lines right here are all getting wider, wider than they've ever been, going from 2 million to 4 million.
And so that means twice as many old people are available to die on Medicare and Medicaid than were available 10 years ago.
And that number looks to be likely to increase over the next 10 years.
And so public health, as I see it, becomes a way of managing this problem.
Careful orchestration of protocols, careful orchestration of narratives around pandemic viruses can give all these countries the excuse to manage their pyramid by just tweaking a few knobs so that a few more people die.
And at the same time, of course, we've created a whole remnant stream based on those PCR tests
that is the dream of the Human Genome Project.
And of course, it would have been the dream of the Human Genome Project 20 years ago, but we didn't have the infrastructure or technology to sequence all of that data anyway.
And so an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality was sculpting using murder and lies and a bunch of liars on the internet.
And a big part of this was the opioid epidemic in America that killed about a half a million people that are not acknowledged and certainly not subtracted from this mystery virus totals.
And the biggest effect of the opioid crisis in America has been the reduction in life expectancy, which curiously enough, all of these people are scripted to not understand.
as if all these math geniuses that claim to be epidemiologists and computational biologists can't figure out that if you kill people under 40 and you kill a lot of them, that might reduce the life expectancy of a population.
And since that's exactly what happened with opioids, it's odd that so many people have mentioned it and insisted that it's not that, you know, like all of them.
So unfortunately, anybody that's risen into clear view is a scripted need-to-know basis actor.
I don't think you need to see it as more complicated than that.
You basically sign at the line.
And so a key aspect of our governance is the use of scripted actors on podcasts.
Social media has been militarized using podcast actors.
That's the best way to see it, in my opinion.
And podcast actors are therefore used to define and curate narrative spaces like pandemics, public health,
climate change, religion, morality, parental rights and responsibilities, relevant threats to our democracy, and what it means to be liberal or conservative.
All of these things now are under the control of podcast actors, and it's very effective.
The only question is, can we save our children from it?
because elections don't matter.
Elections are not under our control.
Election fraud is an issue they want us to fight about.
These people are all allowed to win.
They've passed their auditions long, long ago, just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
passed his audition long, long ago.
He's just a scripted actor.
He's not smart enough to know how he's being used.
He just wants whatever he wants.
Despite COVID.
which was a very unfortunate situation for the whole world.
We did a great job with it.
Never got the credit for the job we did.
Operation Warp Speed, people say, is one of the greatest achievements ever in politics or in the military, because it was almost a military procedure.
But everybody.
And so supposedly, this is a real guy with, you know, a real staff and a real administration.
And they're a real administration that's under his control.
He's making decisions.
You know, he's signing all the papers.
And for now, I guess it's just Donald Trump.
And we're stuck with him.
And all of the people on the left that are scripted are scripted to say that.
It couldn't be that he's controlled by people behind the scenes or behind him or above him, or that he's controlled by the same people that Biden or Harris would have been controlled by.
That would be crazy.
And so we are on the right, on the right are people on the right are believing that this is a real woman.
that she's a real person who's trying to save America and act as a patriotic director of national intelligence by producing videos from her car and a seatbelt.
Now, what I would like to show you is that this entire theater is inverted and used against us all around the world.
And I could show you German or I could show you Dutch, but that's not very easy for me, especially German, but Dutch I could translate.
It's still not a nice show.
So I thought I'd show you what they're doing in Australia.
Welcome to Planet America.
Here in the Situation Room, I'm John Baer.
So this is a show called Planet America, and they're in the Situation Room, and they're going to tell us all about what's happening in America, because it's Planet America.
Yes, we've got another situation.
Breaking news out of the CDC, where top officials are resigning en masse.
CDC director Susan Menard has been ousted from her position just weeks into the job.
Vaccine policy is changing quickly under HHS Secretary Robert Kennedy Jr.
Science will be contaminated by ideology.
Chaos and confusion at the Centers for Disease Control while Health Secretary Bobby Kennedy continues to stoke fears about vaccines.
And the plot thickens following the FBI raids on John Bolton.
Might he have some questions to answer?
But first...
Global trade has been thrown into turmoil again.
Just moments ago, actually, a federal appeals court ruled most of President Trump's tariffs are illegal.
The court is saying the president exceeded his authority in imposing those levies.
The majority found the power to impose taxes such as tariffs is vested exclusively in the legislative branch.
It's up to the U.S.
Congress, not the president.
President Trump's reaction was about what you'd expect.
If allowed to stand, this decision would literally destroy the United States of America.
Literally.
But he also had this piece of reassurance.
Our tariffs are still in effect.
And they are, at least until mid-October, to give Trump time to appeal against this defeat to the US Supreme Court.
The lawyer who argued this case says it is clear Trump exceeded his powers.
The court overwhelmingly today in a 7-4 decision
rejected President Trump's notion that he can do whatever he wants, whenever he wants, and have said, no, the Constitution imposes limits.
And one really important limit, Mr. President, is you're not allowed to tariff on your own.
And the stakes for Trump are high, with his tariffs expected to bring in $500 billion or more a year in revenue from American taxpayers to the US government.
At least that's what Treasurer Scott Besant tells us.
But to be clear, this ruling does not apply to all of Trump's tariffs.
It's mostly about the so-called Liberation Day tariffs that Trump imposed back in April on all the countries of the world, as well as Trump's tariffs this year on Mexico, Canada and China.
So what that means is Trump's sector-specific tariffs on silicon chips, steel, aluminium, they'll be unaffected.
Trump's tariffs on China from his first term, they'll also be unaffected.
And these new tariffs on online sales worth $800 or less, they'll be unaffected as well.
Basically, if this ruling holds up, Trump's tariffs will go from affecting 69% of America's imports to 16% public health in America.
Well, I'm terribly worried, John, that what we're seeing in the United States is really a dismantling of an incredibly important leadership role on public health, both in this country and across the globe.
and the departure of the incredibly talented leaders at CDC are just the next blow along the way.
So the budget for that critical public health agency has already been cut by about 40%.
And so they think that we're supposed to believe that the CDC is such a vital organization and that those people have dedicated their careers to that organization because of a disagreement
or because of solidarity with somebody who used to work for ARPA-H, they've decided to resign and leave the entire structure of the CDC open for appointment for, I don't know, anybody that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
wants to appoint in their place.
It doesn't really seem like they believe what they say.
It's kind of like, I don't know, an anti-vaxxer who says that the RNA shots are contaminated with DNA, but I'm just gonna, you know, go on with my life and not worry about that anymore because whatever.
When I need to be on a podcast and say that there's DNA in the shots, I can do that.
But otherwise I got businesses to run, you know.
So I don't understand how somebody can believe that three prominent leaders at an organization would resign in solidarity with somebody who was asked to resign.
And that would be a way of solving a problem at what they also say is a vital organization to the United States and the world.
It's like, yeah, it's really important what I'm doing in this car, because if I don't hold my stands on this steering wheel, we'll crash into a telephone pole in less than 10 seconds.
And as soon as somebody says something wrong and you disagree with them, you're like, okay, whatever, I'm gonna take my hands off the wheel.
If it's not important to you guys, it's not important to me either, and walk away.
That it's just the most remarkably stupid story I've ever heard.
And yet it's being told on every major newscast in a lot of different languages in the Western world right now.
It's such a dumb story that it's hard for me to believe that any thinking adult human would believe it.
Except there's a consensus on the internet that that's exactly what's happening.
And the consensus spans all of the internet.
It spans all of the news programs, even across languages.
Staff members have been fired and let go across the board.
We have withdrawn our leadership role in world health by dismantling USAID, by threatening to leave the World Health Organization and the CDC.
led the delegation of the United States members to the World Health Organization.
We are not going to participate in world discussions on vaccines.
We've slashed the budgets for vaccine research and development.
So we now have a real collapse of the whole leadership team at.
But of course, one of the things that you see here, and I think somebody in the chat sees it,
The left needs to forgive themselves for how they went all in on lockdowns and masks and all this other stuff.
They need to be able to erase 2021.
And in order to do that, they need to protect the CDC.
They need to stand up for the CDC.
They need to stand up for NIH.
They need to stand up for HHS.
Even though they understand that at the time,
the beginning of the pandemic, those were the exact same organizations that they were against because Donald Trump was in the White House.
That's the cognitive dissonance that they have to heal by taking the side of, oh my gosh, I mean, it's just as malevolent a mental trap as the people who believe that Donald Trump and
You know, Alex Jones and all these other imperfect people are really coming to our rescue as patriots.
I mean, that's all the same.
You're accepting a certain amount of nonsense, but it feels better to you.
And she's exhibiting it right here.
where the absolute ridiculousness of Donald Trump makes it easier to accept the CDC as a lesser of two hells than the other way around.
And the same trick is applied over and over and over again.
The Centers for Disease Control.
And I think it is
threatening the welfare of the health of American children, American families, but also the health of people across the globe.
Governor, these newly appointed members of the Vaccine Advisory Panel to the centers are causing a lot of concern within the centers, reportedly.
So even in Australia, they're talking to American actors, improvising on a script about the ACIP.
And of course, this would be Retsit Levy and Robert Malone.
and Martin Kulldorff, the same scripted actors that were put in front of us at the beginning of the pandemic as fake dissidents, the same group of actors that was in front of us at at doctors meetings like medical doctors for COVID ethics or panda presentations.
And they have rumble channels and they were
on all of these different podcasts.
And they also testified in front of that CIC in Germany with the lady with the barrette.
And so it's all one coordinated scripted show.
Some of these people have flown down to Australia to testify before their Senate and others of them have been to UK or been in front of the, in some room in the EU parliament, or maybe they went to Japan for the sixth international COVID summit.
And now for some reason or another, somebody like Robert Malone,
is being indirectly referenced even on international news television.
It's because they are scripted national security actors being used against mostly the American population, but effectively using the smaller populations and the smaller presence of these other Western nations and populations on the internet against us.
Because that's what happens too.
All of these posts and all of these opinions from these other countries can be put in our feeds as well to create an illusion of consensus that spans the globe.
And that illusion of consensus that spans the globe is that America's government is out of our control.
American populace is retarded and that very soon we're just going to have to dissolve the United States because you know, they're financially insolvent anyway.
Are we really in a situation where essentially unqualified people with fringe, unscientific views are going to limit access to vaccines?
Well, your description of some of the members of the advisory panel also, I think, applied directly to the current Secretary of Health and Human Services, a person who has no scientific background, has no medical degree, has lots of
frequently disputed fringe theories, which he cites on a regular basis.
And he has handpicked a group of people, many of whom are his devotees, to be on the Vaccine Advisory Commission.
And it's a very dangerous combination, where rather than choosing people for their scientific expertise, for their vaccine knowledge, for their research knowledge, for their peer
It's the entire internet.
It's all gone south.
If you're watching conservative social media, you are completely unaware that the rest of America has written you off.
As a fool, as a snake oil buyer, you believe in a heroin addict that has half a brain because the other half was eaten by a worm.
You believe in a womanizing fraud named Donald Trump.
And it is going really, really south, ladies and gentlemen.
American conservatives need to wake up that something has been done that's misrepresenting us.
Because make no mistake about this, there is no conservative movement in America.
The conservative movement, the populist right that is headed by Steve Bannon and Donald Trump, it only exists on the internet.
Even the people that have signs in their yard are ordering those signs on the internet.
They're not making them on their own.
This is not a grassroots movement.
It doesn't exist.
It's only on social media.
If you stop reading Substack and delete X on your phone, there will be no social media movement called the right.
There will be no conservative right.
There will be no nationalist Christian right that only exists on and because of social media, because of the illusion of consensus that is actively created on both sides about its existence by scripted actors on social media.
The conservative right in America does not exist except for on social media and it is sustained.
Its existence is defined by the illusion of consensus created by scripted actors on social media.
Do you hear me?
at the beach, and yet... I am at the beach.
Oh, you are?
Well, you're at the beach, but you're in your office at the beach.
I will walk out to the beach, yes.
All right, you should be on the beach, is my point.
But what's going on at the CDC and the dismantling of America's public health apparatus?
Seems so Urgent and so of course one of the tricks they're playing on us is always having somebody with an English accent in the mix Always have somebody with a foreign accent in the mix and curiously enough They have used some of these American actors on those other populations By having them, you know speak on those on those platforms as well like GB news and that kind of thing.
I
But they know how well this works.
Trust me, they know how well this works.
Important that we decided we would do an emergency episode of Inside Trump's Head to find out what's going on inside Trump's head and where he is about RFK Jr.
Yeah, no, I mean, I think it's just been an extraordinary 24 hours.
Now remember, what I want you to pay attention to is that the assumption on the left, and this is the left, even though I have it in yellow, the assumption is that Donald Trump is a free actor.
that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
after being appointed is a free actor.
He has no advisors.
He's got nobody behind him.
He's got no controllers.
He's got no funders.
He's got no influencers.
He's doing it.
Donald Trump is playing 5D chess.
You see, they believe that too.
It's just that they don't think it's 5D chess.
They think it's like some kind of totalitarian attempt to ruin America or something like that.
But again, they attribute agency to Donald Trump.
They attribute agency to the Secretary of Defense.
They attribute agency to Jay Bhattacharya.
And that's just absurd.
And attributing agency to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is also absurd.
And yet, curiously enough, these people do that.
And that's because they're scripted.
It's not because they're dumb.
It's not because they don't know that there must be people behind these actors.
It's because they are scripted.
And we are seeing this, the emergence of RFK Jr.
as, you know, one of the most significant powers in the country.
And one of the most dangerous.
Come on.
One of the most dangerous.
And also potentially one of Trump's successors.
And I also see this as a kind of Trump is in a bit of a squeeze here.
So this is what's going on in Trump's mind.
I do definitely see Trump as thinking, God, I'm stuck with this nutcase.
And I'm stuck with this nutcase because the vaxxers are nuts.
And I'm making my accommodation.
RFK Jr.
covers me with the Vaxxers.
Wow, the Vaxxers.
So he says it wrong.
It's anti-Vaxxers, not Vaxxers.
And he here says that Donald Trump just took Bobby Kennedy to get more votes, to get this part of the health freedom movement, which is not that dissimilar from saying that Steve Bannon and Aaron Siri and ICANN and
Children's Health Defense and Mary Holland and Brian Hooker and Polly Tommy and Andrew Wakefield are all part of an elaborate hoax to make sure that the health freedom movement in America would always be under their control and would always be a trap for conservatives with enough gumption to take action.
So that anybody that tried like I did to, to try and figure out what was going on and join the winning team, I would end up being inevitably behind somebody like Mary Holland or somebody like Robert F. Kennedy Jr., which is exactly where I found myself and exactly why I'm in his book as a, as an, in the acknowledgements page as an expert without which the book would have been, would not have been possible.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, there aren't very many people like me in America that can actually and are blowing the whistle on this fraud.
These people aren't blowing the whistle on anything because they still attribute all the agency to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Jay Bhattacharya and Elon Musk.
Come on.
So Trump has had a very busy week.
Inside his head, it must be very kind of
frantic because he's gone from Putin to Ghislaine and releasing the Ghislaine tapes and being squeezed by the notion of giving her a pardon to now what appears to be the collapse of America's public health system.
Well, that's the kind of chaos which actually he's used to and I think that he likes and that he thrives on.
OK, Michael, let's do it.
Let's take a journey together arm in arm inside Trump's head.
Michael, I mean, America's public health apparatus appears to be on fire.
The arsonist is RFK Jr.
I just can't understand why Donald Trump put him, a man with zero medical qualifications, into this job.
And he seems to be sowing his vaccine skepticism.
We've got the
head of the CDC leaving, we've got scientific experts leaving, we've got expert panels collapsing.
Why did Donald Trump put RFK Jr.
in this job?
I don't think we should express surprise that Donald Trump would put any incompetent in any job.
The administration is filled with them.
Actually, that seems to be a requirement.
but this seems really dangerous, a really dangerous one.
I guess they're all dangerous.
They're all dangerous.
Yeah, I mean, this seems more personally dangerous because it really relates to the health of the people, to our own health or the health of the people.
Now, the next example I want to show you is from PBS News yesterday.
And what I want you to see very specifically is that PBS News is promoting Substack,
as a news source, as a website, as a way for adjunct professors to make a living.
And if you pay a close attention to PBS NewsHour, supposedly a kind of, you know, middle of the road, centrist left, whatever it is, obviously it's nonsense.
But when you see it for what it is, they promote exactly the same thing that the people on our side promote.
Kim Iverson promotes Rumble and Substack authors and ex-posts.
And the only thing that PBS NewsHour hasn't overtly done is promote Rumble.
They have definitely, repeatedly, and often on a weekly, if not daily basis, promote Substack journalism.
And that is a Peter Thiel, Elon Musk, et cetera.
Substack is a AI feeding
Platform, the text that you write there is fed into the algorithm, not that any different than how all the text of the short posts of Twitter was fed into chatbots as a way of instructing them and teaching them.
We have trained these chatbots ourselves.
They have been trained on us.
And these people may be woefully unaware of how they're being used and played by the Trump administration, just in the same way that we were woefully unaware.
And many people have been woefully unaware of how Donald Trump and Steve Bannon and all these people are playing them.
These people are played justice badly because they think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is an actor, a guy with agency, and a plan, and a devious one.
or they are scripted to say that and either way it's wrong.
Get the newest COVID vaccines may now have a harder time.
Listen carefully.
After the Food and Drug Administration limited approval for the shots to adults 65 and older, or those who are at high risk for severe disease.
The vaccine was previously available to anyone six months and older.
People have questions and we're gonna try to answer some of them now with Caitlin Gedolina.
She's adjunct professor at the Yale School of Public Health
and the author of the Substack column, your local epidemiologist.
Adjunct professor means that you don't get paid, you're not on tenure, you're not on a tenure track.
Adjunct professor is like a substitute teacher at best.
I mean, it's really lame.
I was an adjunct professor at Carnegie Mellon University and I was an adjunct professor because I taught a course there.
but they didn't pay me except for that course, right?
Then I could say I was an adjunct professor and had a little ID.
This is a Substack author.
Substack authors have been put in place and recruited and probably given material and scripted material and AI enhanced material.
in such a way that somebody like Jessica Rose can have tens of thousands of followers, that Robert Malone can have tens of thousands of followers and bringing in tens of thousands of dollars a month.
So that they are completely independent actors able to stay on their provided updated scripts.
And this is just the other side of it.
She is the equivalent of Alison Morrow and Meryl Nass on Dr. Drew, except she is a Substack author on the PBS NewsHour talking about the other side of the mystery virus narrative.
That's all this is.
Welcome back to the NewsHour.
Thanks for joining us.
Thanks for having me.
Let's just start with the basics here.
Right now, according to the FDA, who is eligible to get the COVID-19 vaccine?
And so, substack authors are part of a network of actors that are scripted to generate illusions of consensus on asocial, asocial media, that's a Dutch word spelled with two A's there, it's the opposite of social, that supports the notion that real things are happening.
And so the discussion between these two people supports the notion that they're discussing real things and, and debating real answers to real questions.
And this trick, when it's applied with Joe Rogan can be easy for some people to see through when it's applied by a PBS news hour, it's harder for those same people to see through and vice versa.
The people that think that they can see so easily through PBS news hour, some of them have been fooled by Joe Rogan's guests.
That's how we have been bamboozled, how adults are being governed in America.
And we need to wake our fellow adults up and we need to teach our kids this truth.
I think one of the worst examples of this is this man right here.
Kevin McKernan is his name.
He is associated with the Human Genome Project and Mark Lander.
and cannabis.
This guy has been going around social media on Substack and on X exclusively on the Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Free Health Freedom Movement side and perpetuating the idea that there's contamination in the shots that they, you know, lied about.
And that's why people are being damaged by the mRNA.
This guy's a scripted liar.
And he is a scripted liar and you can see it very easily if you watch this next video.
This next video is from just last week.
And so I want you to ask yourself a question.
Is this a man who believes that the human race around the world has been poisoned by a contaminated COVID shot?
A COVID shot that's contaminated with something that he terms SV40, which can cause cancer in his description.
Does it sound like this is a guy who believes that?
Thank you.
the dedicated team out here fighting the beach.
I get it.
If you're making sacrifices, I appreciate it.
So, Deddy's always a hard talk to fill.
He's got big shoes.
He gives great talks on cancer.
Unfortunately, he can't make it to the Israel stuff that's going on.
I figured what I'd do is I'd fill in on discussing what's been very hotly debated throughout this entire conference, which is what is going on with the differential regulation that we have and what fingerprints does this leave in the sequencing data and in the microbial data that we have.
And so I asked AI to sum up this and make me a little picture and it came up with this circular firing squad on top of a Titanic filled with cannabis.
In this video, he is giving a talk about the differential regulation of hemp products versus cannabis and what compounds can be extracted from either and how they are regulated and governed and how he might contribute to it.
He's also talking about how whole genome sequencing of a pot plant results in the whole genome sequencing of the microbiome.
And so in a nutshell here, he's about to tell you exactly the problem with whole genome screening of a human being and why that is always really pretty tough because a human being is a sort of symphony that really includes the microbiome and our immunological interaction with it.
And that optimizing that has never been on our radar as part of our health.
The result of under optimizing it or even maladaptively, you know, fighting against it has never been factored into our health.
And now they are going to slowly release this truth that in reality, we need to understand ourselves as a little more complex than just our DNA.
We also have to worry about those pesky bacteria in our, in our guts and stuff.
But they're still not talking about phages, which is really odd.
They're not talking about bacteriophages at all, which is really odd because they are a central part of our very existence.
So let's listen to this genius and scripted liar.
Um, I guess be able to give a talk about cannabis and hemp, even though he believes that the human race was poisoned by transfection.
And it's meant to symbolize the fact that we do seem to have two markets that are chasing the same plant but fighting.
And we also have lots of consternation right now over laboratory shopping, which is valid, a valid concern, and we'll show you why.
But the most egregious form of laboratory shopping is not ever doing any testing, which is what we have now legalized throughout the country through the Farm Bill.
So this study will go through some of the tools we've built to monitor safety in a different way.
And it will also go through some of the economics that are behind this.
Because if you don't pay attention to the economics, you're probably going to be digging in the wrong place for a while.
In the economics, I was shocked to find this year just reading a couple of these reports have really changed quite a bit.
For those who don't know medicinal genomics, I think you probably know us by now since you're here.
But we do a lot of different things in the space in that we make microbial testing tools, usually PCR based with some of the robotics you saw out there.
We do a lot of plant and virus detection.
These aren't necessarily regulated tests.
These could get used in either the hemp or the cannabis industry.
And we build like automation tools for a lot of the labs that are out there doing safety testing.
There's also some plant genetics work that we do.
We do a lot of sequencing of cannabis genomes.
I'm going to share what we've learned from that.
We have over 2,200 cannabis genomes now sequenced, so it's given us a very unique picture on the microbiome.
And this also helps us understand how to grow cannabis in certain environments because we are finding
If you guys saw Zemir Poonja's talk this morning, we've all been trying to scrub the environments in our grows to make sure we don't have any of these pathogens getting in, but what they're finding now is that a lot of these things, we think the entry is coming from the substrates we're growing in.
The very cocoa and the rockwool that we're using seems to be seeding the plants with these contaminants, and they're trickling all the way through to the point where they can be failing people's total use and mold tests and what have you.
So the hemp industry, you'll probably be shocked to find out, is now bigger than the cannabis industry.
And this happened in two years.
It's a really rapid growth of grows shifting and running away from the cannabis industry to become hemp companies because there are several advantages to doing this, which we'll lay out.
These are based on Whitney Economics.
They have this estimated anywhere between $28 billion to $80 billion, depending on how you measure the additional
Multipliers that's almost as much as the monoclonal and polyclonal antibody market was worth before the pandemic Wow on the economy But we know we have the cannabis industry from his same Estimates is around 35 billion 34 to 35 billion.
So we're getting a hemp market now that is actually larger than what we have in the last few years if you look at the
growth of the cannabis industries, many of the emissions have all sort of stalled in their sales.
They're flat for two or three years.
Well, one of the things that you need to understand about this guy is that he's all about artificial things.
He's about artificially manufacturing plant compounds.
You might find them in plants, but why would you use plants to make them?
He also wants to artificially manufacture psilocybin and its derivatives.
This is one of the more malevolent monsters on stage because remember this guy's at a beach now giving a talk about the hemp versus cannabis industry while he also sometimes does a podcast about how the entire human race has been contaminated by the DNA contaminated shot.
And if you look in the graph over on the
Oh my God, sorry, I'm shooting you guys.
That's the cannabis industry.
That there is the hemp industry in the same timeframe.
So it has eclipsed the industry in a really short period of time.
I mean, he's exactly the same as Brian Hooker.
They might've even met when they were working on plants and making medicine with plants.
Like, come on, ladies and gentlemen, can you see it?
It's all one little scripted show that's been behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And now they can throw Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
under the bus and us along with it.
If we can pull our family and friends out of this,
nosedive, I think America might be able to heal.
Of course, the left is still trapped in their own little nasal gazing, but of course they need to come to the same rude awakening that Donald Trump isn't the mastermind here.
That Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
isn't the mastermind here.
You can't think that all these people behind the scenes are just letting incompetence rule America.
That would be absurd.
It can only be by script.
And that's why this guy can so lackadaisically talk about hemp versus cannabis on his off time.
So there's clearly demand for things going that direction.
Now what's driving some of this demand?
You can look to Google and do a quick search on THCA flour and you'll see a rapid rise in the interest of that term ever since the Farm Bill.
Probably not surprising.
And then there is this curious increase of smoke shops everywhere.
So these are smoke shops
licenses, this individual on Twitter pulled them all down from, I think this is Florida, Georgia, and Texas, and they are going exponential.
It's just not a real person.
He's not a real person.
His entire last six years of track record shows that he's not a real person.
He's a scripted actor that has probably been recruited and part of this for a couple decades now.
The Human Genome Project is an illusion.
It is an illusion and it will remain an illusion for many decades to come.
He is an illusion.
Kevin McKernan is an illusion.
He's an expert in a set of methodologies and its effect on our understanding of ourselves has been grossly exaggerated.
He was also part of this paper and this paper really
really reveals him and others as being part of this elaborate hoax.
They never questioned it from the very beginning because it's part of the Human Genome Project.
That's why all of these people were so curiously involved, and that's why none of them have ever made any progress to understanding that
there is a bad biology 101 and evolution ain't real because we found dna that's absolutely absurd and in fact all of the scientists that were working at that time the discovery of dna and trying to figure it out in the context of bio bacteria and bacteriophages
and came to the conclusion that they weren't figuring anything out.
So something happened between the 60s and the 70s where we just decided we figured everything out.
Ladies and gentlemen, autism spectrum disorder is a myth used to make sure intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, that virology is never questioned as a science, and that public health is never questioned as a reason.
And they have indeed done the same thing.
with gain of function and pandemics.
If you wanna get out, I think there's a way to move on from the bad biology.
I'm just gonna put these up here for now.
I'm not gonna read them because somebody's probably gonna steal them, but you can pause the thing and read them for yourself.
This is the direction that I'm going with regard to Biology 101.
And as soon as it's all written, we'll start working on it, but I'm not gonna write it on Substack in chapters, and I'm not gonna write it on
on anything to do with my computer.
It's going to be done first.
These are not real people, ladies and gentlemen.
None of them are.
That's why Teo Vaughn is on this picture.
That's why all of these people, this guy's on the picture.
This guy just did a podcast with that character.
And so I just want to leave you with something fun here.
And then I'll just disappear.
Imagine what I could do with this.
Imagine what I could do with this skill.
And then hopefully we'll see you tomorrow for another show.
Thanks for being here again.
Thanks for the patience.
I'll see you soon.
Oh, darn it.
That's not where I was supposed to go.
Sorry about that.
do